Do you guys remember in Minority Report when Tom Hanks is walking through the mall and the ads he sees are tailored to his personality? Well with AdFence, we are making it real. Let’s say that you are strolling through a shopping center. With AdFence, we’ll show you advertisements that make sense for what stores are nearby AND how you’re currently feeling. It’s a custom experience- for everyone. 

Starting with the Qualcomm Gimbal chip, we are able to deliver ads (stored on the AT&T M2X server!) from store that are near YOU straight to your phone. But the magic kicks in with our MindWave headset. We read in raw integers and flip it to emotions using our frequency based naive bayesian algorithm. For example, my friend Danny here is relaxed and calm, as you can see, he receives an ad for Starbucks to drink coffee. However , David on the other hand is finishing his second RedBull, and unlike Danny, he is more likely  to be more jittery and excited. That’s why he received an ad for Caesar’s Palace to gamble.

We have an even grander vision with AdFence: we want to tailor the ad to a user’s emotional response. Did you feel better after the content we presented? We’ll learn from it. Did it worsen the situation? We intelligently record that too. We’re building a smart targeting system of the future. 

Now why do advertisers spend billions of dollars on ad market research? TO FIND OUT IF YOU LIKE THEIR ADS AND TO MAKE SURE THEY TARGET THE RIGHT PEOPLE. AdFence is the perfect solution to that. With billions of dollars in market potential, scope for intelligent learning in the future, and an extreme ease of use, we present to you Adfence. 
